README.md, before:

# local-deplyoment

## Installation

### Miniforge, Conda, Mamba (Mac OS, Linux, Windows)

If you haven't already done so, install [Miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge). Miniforge provides 
minimal installers for [Conda](https://conda.io/) and [Mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) specific to 
[conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/), with the following features pre-configured:

   * Packages in the base environment are obtained from the `conda-forge` channel.
   * The `conda-forge` channel is set as the default (and only) channel.

Conda/mamba will be the primary package managers used to install the required Python dependencies. For 
convenience, a script is included that will download and install Miniforge, Conda, and Mamba. You can run the 
script using the following command.

```bash
./bin/install-miniforge.sh

### Creating the Conda environment

After adding any necessary dependencies that should be downloaded via `conda` to the `environment.yml` file and any 
dependencies that should be downloaded via `pip` to the `requirements.txt` file you create the Conda environment in a 
sub-directory `./env`of your project directory by running the following shell script.

```bash
./bin/create-conda-env.sh
```

Once the new environment has been created you can activate the environment with the following command.

```bash
conda activate ./env
```

Note that the `./env` directory is *not* under version control as it can always be re-created as 
necessary.

Commit message:

Added installation instructions and scripts for LLaMA C++ on Mac OS

README.md, after:

# local-deplyoment-llama-cpp

Project to help you get started deploying Generative AI models locally using 
[LLaMA C++](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp). LLaMA C++ enables LLM inference with minimal setup and 
state-of-the-art performance on a wide variety of hardware - locally and in the cloud.

## Installation

### Miniforge, Conda, Mamba (Mac OS, Linux, Windows)

If you haven't already done so, install [Miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge). Miniforge provides 
minimal installers for [Conda](https://conda.io/) and [Mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) specific to 
[conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/), with the following features pre-configured:

   * Packages in the base environment are obtained from the `conda-forge` channel.
   * The `conda-forge` channel is set as the default (and only) channel.

Conda/mamba will be the primary package managers used to install the required Python dependencies. For 
convenience, a script is included that will download and install Miniforge, Conda, and Mamba. You can run the 
script using the following command.

```bash
./bin/install-miniforge.sh

### Creating the Conda environment

After adding any necessary dependencies that should be downloaded via `conda` to the `environment.yml` file and any 
dependencies that should be downloaded via `pip` to the `requirements.txt` file you create the Conda environment in a 
sub-directory `./env`of your project directory by running the following shell script.

```bash
./bin/create-conda-env.sh
```

Once the new environment has been created you can activate the environment with the following command.

```bash
conda activate ./env
```

Note that the `./env` directory is *not* under version control as it can always be re-created as 
necessary.

### Installing LLaMA C++ (Mac OS)

After creating and activating the Conda environment you can install LLaMA C++ for Mac OS by running the following shell 
script.

```bash
./bin/install-llama-cpp-macos.sh $BUILD
```

You should replace `$BUILD` with a particular [build number](https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/releases) for LLaMA 
C++. The script will download the archiv of pre-compiled binaries for LLaMA C++ and extract them into the 
`./bin/llama-cpp/$BUILD/` directory. The script then symlinks the binaries into the `bin/` directory of the Conda 
environment so that they get properly added to the environment.
